Update to 6.4 (#4)
ortiza5/Vivaldi-GX: README.md

# ![icon](Assets/icon/Vivladi-GX-Stretched-32.png) Vivaldi GX Revisited (Modified/Updated for 6.2)
An Opera GX style custom UI mod skin for Vivaldi.
- Originally created by [@gabevilela](https://forum.vivaldi.net/user/gabevilela) with help from [@tam710562](https://forum.vivaldi.net/user/tam710562) on the Vivaldi Forum and modified/updated to its current form by [@nomadic](https://forum.vivaldi.net/user/nomadic)
- Thanks to [@beyxnd](https://forum.vivaldi.net/user/beyxnd) for testing this mod through development and helping out with finding bugs and making suggestions

> - Update from 6.1 to 6.2 by [@gomizilla](https://forum.vivaldi.net/user/gomizilla) with contributions from [@beyxnd](https://forum.vivaldi.net/user/beyxnd)

Author: ```suggestion
- Contributions from by [@gomizilla](https://forum.vivaldi.net/user/gomizilla) and [@beyxnd](https://forum.vivaldi.net/user/beyxnd)
```
